README.md, before:

# NFT Marketplace

## What Is a NFT?
Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) is a digital asset that represents real-world objects like arts, music, in-game items and videos. They are boughtand sold online, frequently with cryptocurrency, and they are generally encoded with the same underlying software as many cyptos.

Physical money and cryptocurrencies are “fungible,” meaning they can be traded or exchanged for one another.</br>
They’re also equal in value—one dollar is always worth another dollar; one Bitcoin is always equal to another Bitcoin. Crypto’s fungibility makes it a trusted means of conducting transactions on the blockchain.

## Popular NFT Marketplaces

Currently, the largest NFT marketplaces are:

- **OpenSea:** This peer-to-peer platform bills itself a purveyor of “rare digital items and collectibles.” To get started, all you need to do is create an account to browse NFT collections.

- **Rarible:** Similar to OpenSea, Rarible is a democratic, open marketplace that allows artists and creators to issue and sell NFTs. RARI tokens issued on the platform enable holders to weigh in on features like fees and community rules.

## Features Should Have

- **Storefront**

- **Advanced search**
- **Filters**
- **Listing [Creationg, Status]**
- **Buying and auction**
- **Digital Wallet**
- **Ratings**

Commit message:

add feature section, not refined.

README.md, after:

# NFT Marketplace

## What Is a NFT?
Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) is a digital asset that represents real-world objects like arts, music, in-game items and videos. Most NFTs are built on Ethereum using ERC-721 and ERC-1155 standards. They are boughtand sold online, frequently with cryptocurrency, and they are generally encoded with the same underlying software as many cyptos.

Physical money and cryptocurrencies are “fungible,” meaning they can be traded or exchanged for one another. They’re also equal in value—one dollar is always worth another dollar; one Bitcoin is always equal to another Bitcoin. Crypto’s fungibility makes it a trusted means of conducting transactions on the blockchain.

## Popular NFT Marketplaces

Currently, the largest NFT marketplaces are:

- **OpenSea:** This peer-to-peer platform bills itself a purveyor of “rare digital items and collectibles.” To get started, all you need to do is create an account to browse NFT collections.

- **Rarible:** Similar to OpenSea, Rarible is a democratic, open marketplace that allows artists and creators to issue and sell NFTs. RARI tokens issued on the platform enable holders to weigh in on features like fees and community rules.

## Features Should Have

NFT marketplace combines marketplace and auction platform features. Users should be able to create their own collectibles and sell them. Also, different marketplaces offer some additional functionality to attract users and make their user experience exceptional.</br>
Start your list with core platform features that will allow users to carry out basic operations:

- **Storefront**
The NFT auction platform is a marketplace, so it should have a storefront. Provide users with all the necessary information about an item: preview, bids, owners, price history, etc. OpenSea, for example, also displays chain info for checking the smart contract so a buyer can be sure of the authenticity of the purchased NFT.

- **Advanced Search**
As with any marketplace, your platform should support category management and tagging to make it easier for users to find collectibles they are interested in.</br>
Implement a search bar on the site, add categories. For example, OpenSea divides items into the following categories: Art, Domain Names, Virtual Worlds, Trading Cards, Collectibles, Sports, Utility. You can choose yours.

- **Filters**
Filters also make it easier to navigate a site, especially if there are a lot of collectibles on the platform. Give users the possibility to select items by category, payment method, collection, listing status (e.g. “new”, “has offers”, and so on). This will significantly reduce the time between NFT selection and purchase.

- **NTFs Creation**
The process of NFTs submission and creation of the collection should not take long. Think about the flow and most likely you need something like OpenSea's **Collecting Manager** to easily manage collections and items.</br>
On the collectible creation page, a user should be able to upload a file and fill in the basic token properties such as name, description, tags.

- **Status Listing**
This feature assists users in selecting NFTs for purchasing. By searching, sorting, and filtering, they can find the best options faster and easier. Also, statuses help sellers navigate better as well, especially if you want to implement a collectible verification process. In this way you can inform sellers at what stage of the verification process their items are.

- **Buying and auction**
The development of the auction mechanism for your platform is one of the most critical parts of the project. You need to provide bidders with an easy-to-use and efficient NFT buying system.</br>

Items could be buy with a **Fixed Price** or place a **Bid**.
For bid, it is better to include the bid expiration date in the form to give users more control over their bids. Plus, the auction watchlist allows viewing details about the current status of bids.

- **Digital Wallet**
Your users need wallets to send, receive and store cryptocurrencies and non-fungible tokens. The easiest way to do this is to provide a user with a connected wallet that he already uses.</br>
OpenSea offers several additional options. So, we also need to compile a list of wallets that must be supported by the platform and ensure their integration.

- **Ratings**
Ratings are a great way to help new users choose NFTs. Plus, they act as a reward for the best top sellers, confirming their reliability. So you can use this as an additional feature.

## Architecture Assumption
